DOCS-9550 - Evaluations with BYOK (#26416)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/configuration/_index.md

You can configure your LLM applications on the Configuration page with settings that can optimize your application's performance and security. 

Evaluations

> : Enables Datadog to assess your LLM application against respective dimensions like Quality and Security and Safety. By enabling evaluations, you can assess the effectiveness of your application's responses and maintain high standards for both performance and user safety. For more information about evaluations, see [Terms and Concepts][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enables Datadog to assess your LLM application on dimensions like Quality, Security, and Safety. By enabling evaluations, you can assess the effectiveness of your application's responses and maintain high standards for both performance and user safety. For more information about evaluations, see [Terms and Concepts][1].
```

Topics
: Helps identify irrelevant input for the `topic relevancy` out-of-the-box evaluation, ensuring your LLM application stays focused on its intended purpose. 

## Connect your OpenAI account

Connect your OpenAI account to LLM Observability with your OpenAI API key.

1. In Datadog, navigate to [**LLM Observability > Settings > Integrations**][2]. 
1. Select **Connect** on the OpenAI tile.
1. Follow the instructions on the tile. 
   - Provide your OpenAI API key. Ensure that this key has **write** permission for **model capabilities**.
1. Enable **Invoke Model from this API key**.

{{< img src="llm_observability/configuration/openai-tile.png" alt="The OpenAI configuration tile in LLM Observability. Lists instructions for configuring OpenAI and providing your OpenAI API key." style="width:100%;" >}}

## Select and enable evaluations

> Navigate to [**LLM Observability > Settings > Evaluations**][3]. 

Reviewer: This should be a step in the list

> {{< img src="llm_observability/configuration/settings.png" alt="The Evaluations tab, featuring a list of existing evaluations." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: This screenshot feels unnecessary to me

Author: agreed

1. In Datadog, navigate to [**LLM Observability > Settings > Integrations**][2]. 
1. Select **Connect** on the OpenAI tile.
1. Follow the instructions on the tile. 
   - Provide your OpenAI API key. Ensure that this key has **write** permission for **model capabilities**.
1. Enable **Invoke Model from this API key**.

{{< img src="llm_observability/configuration/openai-tile.png" alt="The OpenAI configuration tile in LLM Observability. Lists instructions for configuring OpenAI and providing your OpenAI API key." style="width:100%;" >}}

## Select and enable evaluations

Navigate to [**LLM Observability > Settings > Evaluations**][3]. 

{{< img src="llm_observability/configuration/settings.png" alt="The Evaluations tab, featuring a list of existing evaluations." style="width:100%;" >}}

1. Click on the evaluation you want to enable.
1. Select **OpenAI** as your LLM provider.
1. Select the OpenAI account you want to run the evaluation on.
1. Assign the LLM application you want to run the evaluation on.

After you click **Save**, LLM Observability invokes a `GPT-4o mini` model using the OpenAI API key you provided.

> You can monitor the usage of this API key by querying for the metrics `ml_obs.span.llm.input.tokens`, `ml_obs.span.llm.output.tokens`, and `ml_obs.span.llm.total.tokens`. Filter by the `evaluation:default` tag.

Reviewer 2: @cswatt - could we hold off on this sentence for this release? we'll release this metric after reinvent, as there are some cross product impact of releasing this metric that we want to address

Author: I'll remove the line!

For more information about evaluations, see [Terms and Concepts][1].

## Provide topics for topic relevancy

Providing topics allows you to use the [topic relevancy][4] evaluation. 

1. Go to [**LLM Observability > Applications**][5].
1. Select the application you want to add topics for.
1. At the bottom of the left sidebar, select **Configuration**.

> 1. Add topics in the pop-up modal.

Reviewer 3: Hi @barieom, can you confirm that this is the correct location to enter topics?

Author: Appears to be correct in app.datadoghq!

Reviewer 2: yes it's correct!
